hi and welcome to JK p.m. calm we re
since equality used office equipment
sold at the fraction of the cost of new
but based on Ashford Kent just off
Junction 10 of the m20 telephone number
oh one two double three six six eight
three oh nine if you're looking for that
bargain look no further here I had a
rightful officio 2018 Dean a3 a4 network
enabled printer copier your consumer
online poker sets which are all multi
adjustable as well I've got a for the
top and I put a three in the bottom the
duplex unit downsize here but the sheet
feeder and obviously openly master
though should be limited I'm actually
doing some a3 double-sided piece that
moment does print speed relay for is 18
copies or principal in it which is nice
respectable as you can see now actually
in 83 double-sided so it's a four as
well by four days brings obviously
something don't censor show when are
doing these sort of videos so they'll
have a boxed and vated year so paper you
can see that okay turning round as well
there it is double-sided automatically
so she's a3 a4 duplex in promo copier
and printer network related with this
particular machine that's what the USB
interface as well so you full network
connect with a cable
I'm just use the Windows 7 laptop 64 bit
and the pagers beeping plugged in my
room sir so I'm using the wireless
network the machine's not wise pick two
up and they were cable so it works
perfectly absolutely
issue very clean machine as well so this
one's got the tufa sets on it so I'll
set 80 for the top
23 of the bottom notice it's working
perfectly
let's do double-sided a free printing so
you can feed about the top you as well
very economical to run these machines
and really are super cheap
you've got your also manually exposures
just mother photo mode which is great
the building passports even though
they're black and white she's they do do
a nice sexual black-and-white print of
somebody's photo so lot communal for
photographs ruler their passports of
driving licenses this was any office
environment or a shop environment so you
don't have to use it's a printer uses a
copy of stand-alone or whatever just say
it really does be good prints you can
see from these here just Don's five
double-sided which is really ten greatly
perfect so that's for the Box tablet
ruffles
HTS end paper so a3 a4 black-and-white
photo copier prints and network name USB
as well if you're interested in person
this machine please call me on oh one
two double three six six eight three oh
nine or you can email info at genkai
p.m. calm that's
info at JK b eMERCOM
or look on our website WWH ABN code on
UK you can also look us up on Facebook
JK VN dot-com space Ltd my name is John
Taylor of JK p.m. thank you for looking
you